## Editor

Berlin-Brandenburgische Akademie der Wissenschaften
Jägerstraße 22/23
10117 Berlin

## Representative

Prof. Dr. Dr. h.c. mult. Christoph Markschies
Tel.: +49 30 20370-0, E-Mail: bbaw@bbaw.de

## Legal Form

Public corporation with legal capacity

## VAT identification number

DE 167 449 058 (gemäß §27 a Umsatzsteuergesetz)

## Technical Realization

TELOTA (Berlin-Brandenburgische Akademie der Wissenschaften)
telota@bbaw.de

## Copyright

BBAW strives to pay attention to the copyrights of the graphics, sound documents, video sequences, and texts used in all publications and to use graphics, sound documents, video sequences, and texts created by BBAW itself or to use licence-free graphics, sound documents, video sequences, and texts.

All brands and trademarks mentioned within the internet service and those, if applicable, protected by third parties are subject to the unrestricted provisions of the respectively valid trademark law and the ownership rights of the respective registered owners.

The mere mention of trademarks does not imply that they are not protected by the rights of third parties.

The copyright for published objects created by the author themselves remains solely with the author of the pages.

Duplication or use of such graphics, sound documents, video sequences, and texts in other electronic or printed publications will not be permitted without the explicit consent of the author if it exceeds the admissible scope or does not fulfil the admissible purpose.

## Information On Data Protection

This website uses the open source software Matomo for statistical analysis of visits to this website. Matomo uses “cookies”, text files that are stored on your computer to analyze your website use. The information generated by the cookie about your website use will be stored on a server of the Berlin-Brandenburg Academy of Sciences and Humanities in Germany. Your IP address is immediately anonymized after processing and prior to storage.
